Universal selectors is used to style every element on a page.  Element selectors are used to select all elements of a certain type.  Class selectors are used to select elements that serve the same function and style them.  Lastly, id selectors are used to define rules for a specific element by calling its unique ID.  I think if you wanted to style all paragraphs the same way it would be smart to use an element selector.  If you wanted to style one id differently than the other, you would use the id selector, etc.  I personally do not think I would ever use the universal selector because it would not give the site diversity, but maybe that could come in handy some time.


The color palette I used did not have much thought to it, as it is horribly ugly and clashing, but I just tried to add colors that matched the colors of the pictures on my website.  3 of their hex codes are: #FF6347, 	#7CFC00, #FF69B4, and one of them is a RBGA so that I could change the opacity of it so it is rgba(0,191,255,20).

For this cycle I read through the lesson plan, and then went to the course website to read through the new material.  Next, I researched the 1960's era and collect two images that I liked and felt represented the era.  Once I did that, I started on my html document.  I kept it very simple for this as my main focus was learning how to do the CSS.  Once I coded the html, I went to the css document and started playing around with all different elements.  I made my site obnoxiously ugly because it did not matter for this project, and I always think it is funny when I come across a site that is so loud and crazy to look at.  Once I got my page to look how I wanted it to, I submitted it to Github.
